Right in the previous video you saw that I created this issue number 10 to add an I.D. to the model
objects and I want to show you a little bit of why so many go to pet clinic and we can see that we have
our person Java I didn't implement that and you can see that person extends base Saturday so let's go
back and take a look at base identity and base entity.
This is a JPA concept where we can see we have JPA specific annotations on it.
That's what the Java X persistent stuff is.
This is all from the JPA API and we're not going to get into that right now we are just going to set
ourselves up to be working with these Po Joes.
We can see here that implements an integer I.D. I'm going to use a long value that gives us a larger
value to be working with or I.D. I'm not going to be worried about the annotations at this particular
point in time.
What we're going to do in this part of the course we are going to evolve this into using JPA so we're
not going to use it JPA right now but we will be evolving at some kind of like laying the groundwork
for us to learn from coming up.
So what I want to do is implement this base entity.
So let me jump over here to ontology and I'm going to come in here model and create a new class called
base entity and go ahead and add him
you may be wondering why I'm using the box type along rather than just using a primitive long that is
something that I could do.
But what we prefer to do is use box types and that is actually a recommendation of hibernate to use
box types being that box types can in fact be null where parents cannot.
So that's why we are going to be using that.
And you can see here like toggle back over we just have getters and setters.
I am not going to implement the is new right now.
So you can see that's just going to return back.
That's a functionality that I'm not going to implement for now but when we do want to do is implement
the getters and setters so we'll go ahead and implement those.
So now we can get and set that and we can also see that implement serialized liable so that is also
a good idea.
So I'm just going to steal that right from here as I type it out and we'll come back over here paste
that
so we can see that that implements serialized ball and let's come back over here
take a look at the model and we'll take a look at her person we can see that the person just extends
based do so that's exactly what we're going to be doing in our model.
So I need to come back over here and revisit those extends Person person extends
our base and doing get put he will extend base early
type as well
and that extends Person so person extends based entities so we don't need to change that.
So both an owner and that extend person person extends based D so we are all good there.
So come back over here to Chrome and this was issue number 10.
So I am going to go ahead and close out.
Issue number 10 here.
Right click get commit directory
make a comment there closes Number 10
and push the
C that is pushed back over here double check and that is closed already so that commit where when and
added that again we added an error base entity class which implements serialization so if we ever need
serialize it just has one long property of I.D..
So now we have getters and setters for I.D. and then we extend it out our model class where we needed
to to add in that extends base entity which will give us an I.D. property of a long on each one of our
classes that we use for our data model.